# Meeting 3 15/02/2022

## Attendees

- Joe (on site)
- Tom (on site)
- Barney (on site)
- Elliott (on site)
- Cameron (Call on Discord)
- Ben (Call on discord)

## Agenda

Show the group your Work done for requirements analysis

Pull together as much of the document as we can.

Make sure everyone has some things to do after meeting to ensure document is ready for Thursday evening hand in

## Meeting notes

Tom - Mostly done, possibly add stuff about browser testing, research graph libraries to add and package manager. Otherwise all done. Cite sources

Elliott - Need to add more detail on the gantt chart, add a couple more risks and contingencies and take out some if too big of a document. Talk about the data we will use from YKids and evaluation questionnaires.

Ben - need to talk about unit testing and browser testing

Barney - mostly done, just read over

Joe - Done some on UI/UX, mock ups nearly done

Cammy - Needs tidying up, and need to see all sections that apply to mine when done so cannot complete until all else are done

### Colours for arrows

Blue - Mutual liking (Arrows to and from both)

Green - One way liking

Possibly add colour blind settings for the main 3 settings. Considered possibly using patterns on the arrows but don't want to create information overload on the UI. Need to research.

Just cover in UI, not much detail needed here for colour blindness.

Possibly get feedback off one of the sprints for the colour scheme off the website.

### All read through aims and objectives before submit

### Make a github issue for questions to ask Darren

### Need to sort the github

Tom will do this, all make comment on later on.

### Get a version to Rida to comment on

Have Rida look at the document wednesday and meet thursday to ammend and hand in.
