# Meeting 10 04/04/22

## Attendees
- Tom
- Barney
- Joe
- Elliott
- Cameron

## Agenda

- Progress review
- Redistribute tasks (if needed)
- Talk about how we will reduce overlaps in nodes
- where are we at with documentation
- booking a presentation day with Floriana
- Issue review

## Meeting notes

### 26th of april, demonstration

Video showing major aspects

slides are optional

link to live software

keep software on joes server and give them log in

features we want for fully done, then have them done

dont have to be there, presumed everyone did something just maybe not on the video

have to supply manuals for all users: Ykids, teachers, kids

### 13th of may, full submission

all documentation and and code 

### 26th april, q&a with floriana

have to be booked and organised before easter break

try and book week after

no idea if online or in person

probably not walking through code but jus general overcoming issues and what things are cool etc

### organisation of nodes

need to contact zito and talk to him about that

draft email on call

Sent on Elliott's email

### progress review

assign sort input alphabetically to Elliott

waiting for darran response on colouring of table

Assign focus multiple nodes to Barney

### Algorithms to put in documentation

We need to make a list of all algorithms used in the program

new issue opened on github to put all this in

### focus multiple nodes

dragging multiple nodes at once is something darran wanted

### things to talk to Ben for ducumentation

Where is it at? not seen it in a while

Do you need help with anything, we can write things up and you can style it

how do you want to sort manuals, want someone to help with that?


