# Meeting 9 28/03/22

## Attendees
- Joe
- Barney
- Tom
- Cammy
- Elliott

## Agenda

- Progress check, need to make sure we don't fall too far behind and assign tass to those who don't have much this week
- Looking at next tasks
- Possible revaluation of deadline for all code being done for a solid version - doubtful for big change
- Merge changes
- Discuss plans for getting back inline

## Meeting notes

We have actually brought stuff forward so not as behind as we thought

### We should focus on smoothing out and catching up

Should look at catching up on behind work

Also look at bugs and enhancements

We are in good shape for the presentation week

### Re assignment and spreading out of tasks

Assign Ben accessible colour modes issue

Assign Elliott CSV file import broken issue

Assign Joe add ykids logo to SVG issue

### Browser testing

Possibly not add, won't be worth adding

We are not supporting internet explorer

### If you have nothing to do, ask for something to do

### If there is no data (default) then add an import button that can be hidden when not needed

Basically a placeholder

