# Meeting 2 10/02/2022

## Attendees

(This meeting was done remotely over discord)

- Tom Hipwell
- Joe Herbert
- Barney Campbell
- Cameron Feurguson
- Elliott Gregory
- Benjamin Katz

## Agenda

Delegate who does what parts of the requirements analysis.

Discuss some more detail based off the last meeting to confirm scope.

Agree on formats for documents/document types.

## Discussion to create requirements Analysis
Making a PWA
   - HTML, CSS, JS, SAS
   - Don't need a backend as not storing anything (can use pretty much any webserver)?
      - possibility - stretch goal
   - export function

Will need a gantt chart to actually plan who does what?

### What do we need to do each?

Background research done by all.

- Cammy:
   - Project Description, Objectives and UI/UX
- Joe:
   - UI/UX
- Tom:
   - Development & Implementation Summary
- Ben:
   - Testing & Evaluation (also UI Requirements)
- Barney:
   - BCS Project Criteria
- Elliott:
   - Project Plan including Risks & Contingency Plans and Data Sources


## What document are we making?

Use markdown to make the document.
